# QUIC WG website source

This is the repository that backs https://quicwg.org/.
Contributions in accordance with our [policies](CONTRIBUTING.md) are welcome.

## Technical Overview

The website relies on the standard [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
workflow. Content is written in GitHub-flavoured markdown and presentation is
dealt with via
[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/).

The front page of the website is [index.md](index.md). It relies on the layout
[`front`](_layouts/front.html).

Each sub-page is an individual markdown file (e.g.
[implementations.md](implementations.md)), which share the layout
[`subpage`](_layouts/subpage.html).

Assets such as images are located under the `asset` directory.

## FAQ

### How do I add content to an existing page?

First, identify the page you'd like to update. Then open a PR against the
related markdown. For example, if you'd like to update the [Implementations and
Tools](https://quicwg.org/) page, then
you'll want to edit [implementations.md](implementations.md).

Changes to existing pages should follow the style and structure of existing
content. For example, populating the same fields, in the same order, using
similar editorial conventions.

GitHub supports in-browser editing of existing files. Pull requests can be
created using the Edit (‚úè) button.

### How do I add a new page?

First, it is recommended to open an Issue to propose the new page and allow
discussion independent of any contents. This will allow us to get a better
understanding of the intent of the addition and whether it might fit within the
existing website structure.

If it is agreed that a new page should be added, then open a PR to add a new
markdown file to the root directory. This file should have a simple, short,
lowercase name with an `.md` file extension.

### Who maintains this repository? / Who is editor in chief?

Presently, the QUIC WG Chairs are the maintainers / editors of this repository
on behalf of the QUIC community operating under the IETF "Note Well". See our
[policies](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

### What are the expected timelines for responding to issues or PRs?

The maintainers will do their best to respond in a timely manner. It is expected
that most issues or PRs can be dealt with pretty quickly. However, there are no
formal response time commitments.